Answer each question in a written format

1. What does semantic HTML mean?
    Semantic HTML is where the tags are defined, so we know that a <p> tag would be refering to a paragraph.

2. What is the box model?
    Everything in HTML is considered a box. The box model is what we use to specify 
how we want to display and position those boxes.
    We have content in the middle, then padding between our content and the border, 
then our border itself and finally, our margin is outside of our box and gives it 
space between other boxes.

3. What is the difference between IDs and Classes?
    A class can be assigned to many elements. an ID is typically used to identify 1 specific 
element. An ID is usefull for manipulating an element with Javascript by allowing us to target 
the element with getElementByID.

4. What does the z-index do?
    If we end up with elements that are overlaping (one of our 'boxes' on top of another box), 
we can use the z-index property to specify which element we want to appear 'on top' or 'the most 
forward on the screen'.

5. Summarize what the keyword 'this' is used for?
    'This' is referring to the object that owns some piece of code. Constructor functions are reusable 
with many objects so it's convienent to use the 'this' keyword inside our function, so that the function 
is dynamic across all our objects that we create with the constructor.

6. What is a callback?
    a callback is a function that gets passed in as a paramater of another function and can be called within the function.

7. What is a closure?
    You can have a childFuntion that is returned inside of a parentFunction. Returning the child 
function will keep all of the parent's variables private unless they are return as part of the 
child function. 

8. How does prototype work?
    A prototype is a reusable piece of code that can be used to manipulate an object and or many 
objects. The advantages to putting this manipulating code into a prototype is that you can use it 
quickly and as many times as you'd like.

9. What is MVC?
    MVC is Model View Controller. This would be a framework like React or Angular. The Model is where 
all the programming and logic take place, the View is the side that the user sees and interacts with, 
and the Controller handles all the interaction between the View and the Model.

10. What is the component lifecycle?
    This is referring to how a component is loaded and when certain functions inside the compoenent 
should fire. Some functions will fire before the component is rendered, effecting props and state 
before any information is displayed. Other functions can be set to execute once the component is 
rendered.

11. What is REST?
    REST or REpresentaional State Transfer is where two systems have some data and they are in constant 
comunication and able to make requests to manipulate each others data.

12. Name three ways of getting data from the URL using express
    req.params, req.query, req.path


create table users (
id serial,
name varchar(255),
email varchar(255)
)

12. Given the Schema above, write the following four basic CRUD db queries using postgres syntax

-Get all users: 
    select * from users;

-Create a new user with the name of 'your name' and an email of 'fake@fake.com':
    insert into users (name, email) values ('your name', 'fake@fake.com')

-Update the newly created user's name to 'Bobby Boy':
    update users 
    set name = 'Bobby Boy'
    where id = $1

-Delete the newly updated user:
    delete from users
    where id = $1
